Hi this is Mick Plaskin at Elan Valley Link and I'm here with Brett Creed and
we're going to have a discussion about your reasons for being here etc. So
where have you come from? Petworth in West Sussex. Okay and when did you
actually arrive? Yesterday. Okay what have you seen so far? Anything of interest?
Well lots of things, lots of beautiful countryside. Okay. We've driven up from
Sussex, we came across and then went up into Monmouthshire and then from
Monmouthshire across to the Glenuska State and near Crickhowell and then from
there up to Raida. Okay. We camped last night at Woodhouse Farm in Raida and
someone at the campsite mentioned that we're now off towards Aberystwyth or
towards the west coast so someone said oh you need to take the mountain road to
Aberystwyth and then we saw the dam signs so we thought we'd come up this
way as well. Excellent choice. So we didn't know this was here but we expected in all
this spectacular scenery to see spectacular things and this definitely is
a spectacular spot. Okay so for what you've just said did you do any research before you came here?
No, only with campsites. We sort of you know wanted to head to the middle of
Wales rather than just go straight to the coast. Okay. Check out the sites and
the valleys and whatever and that's what we've done. Okay. On what limited things
you've seen so far can you see any room for improvement? No, not at all. Not at all.
I don't think so. I mean how can you improve upon this really? The one thing
my colleague said was well it would be great if there was a footpath across the
top of the dam or somehow you could walk across the top of the dam and get a real
view of it but apart from that apart from having a Lancaster fly over every
day I can't see how it can be improved. We have a few. We have quite a few around here. Oh wow fantastic.
So what are you going to plan to see next? We're going to see the sea next. Right.
In Aberystwyth? Yeah well no probably south New Quay. Okay. We're going over that way.
Have you been to the visitor centre at all? No I haven't. Okay. So who have you
actually come with? Just friends. Friends? Yeah. Okay. Would you consider coming here
again? Oh very much so. Yeah. Would that be in the near future? Possibly next year.
Okay. Yeah. It's always nice to see. Indeed. Do you think that coming here
Monday to Friday is any different to weekends? I would say that we're the sort
of people that like to, would love it or like it, prefer it when we feel like
we're the only people in the world as it were. So I would definitely say that
midweek is a better and probably less busy time to visit such sites. Okay. And
how are you finding the roads around here? Fine. Yeah absolutely fine. Good. Yeah.
Okay well thank you very much for that. No it's all right. It's a pleasure. Thank you.
We were going to carry on, sorry, we were going to carry on. Interview terminated.
Okay. Thank you. Or even ended.